AP Study Tool

Description: AP Study Tool is exactly as it sounds -- a tool to help each individual succeed on their AP exams! I was inspired to make this project, as this year when I was studying for my exams, I realized there are not many resources available online. All the resources I found were very boring, and I got distracted easily from them because they had a plain white UI. To solve this issue, AP Study Tool uses an aesthetic pink UI theme to ensure that students do not get distracted by a boring old UI when studying for their AP exams. The web app explains big ideas, includes helpful resources, and may even have an AI helper in the future! Although it doesn't have EVERY single AP exam on it, the website offers resources for the most popular AP exams available. Happy studying, and I hope AP Study Tool helps you ✨ slay ✨ your exams!

About AP Study Tool:

What AP Study Tool does: AP Study Tool offers resources for 6 of the most popular AP courses, allowing students to succeed. For instance, for AP Computer Science Principles -- AP Study Tool offers a summary of Big Ideas you NEED to know for the AP CSP exam along with some helpful resources such as CodingBat, CSAwesome Interactive textbook, etc.

Why I made AP Study Tool: I made AP Study Tool as when I was taking my AP exams this year, I struggled to find resources that actually helped. This caused me to not perform very well on the AP exams that I took, and I wanted to do something about that. I wanted to make sure that no other student has to experience what I went through, and that they always feel that they have the right materials to succeed. Hence, I created AP Study Tool -- the perfect tool to help people study for AP exams!

How I made AP Study Tool: I made AP Study Tool using HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. I started off by creating a basic pink UI and then went from there to create a page for each AP class that users could access by clicking the "go to AP" button (which I coded in JavaScript). I used 3 files in total: one for my main HTML UI called index.html, one for my JavaScript code called script.js, and one for my CSS code called style.css.

What I struggled with and learned along the way: Honestly, I struggled quite a bit with this project. I was only familiar with the basics of JavaScript when I started this project, which led me to learning some of these things by myself. Also, when coming up with the helpful resources and tips for certain AP courses, I didn't know what to write because I've only taken 2 AP classes so far. This led me to doing an extensive amount of research and browsing the internet. Along the way, I became confident in JavaScript and also got to learn a bit more about AP classes that I haven't even taken yet!
